A year has four seasons: spring, summer, autumn and winter. I like summer. In summer the weather is hot and sunny.Every season has three months. Spring has March, April and May. Summer has June, July and August. Autumn has September, October and November. Winter has December, January and February.The first month of the year is January. The last month of the year is December.I like December, July and April. In December we have New Year. In July we can swim and sunbathe. And in April I have my birthday.Every month has four weeks. And every week has seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. My favourite day is Saturday. I dont have lessons and I can relax on Saturday.I usually get up at 7 o clock in the morning. I dont play games in the morning. I make my bed, wash my face and have breakfast. I eat porridge and drink tea. I dont drink coffee and I dont eat soup for breakfast.In the afternoon I have lessons at school. On the lessons I write, read and do exercises. I dont isten to music and I do not do my homework at school.In the evening I usually do my homework and go for a walk with my friends. I don t watch TV in the evening.On Saturady and Sunday I do not study. I have a rest. I ride my bike and read my favourite books.My name is Bogdan. I am 10. I am a schoolboy. I can read and write. But I can not ride a bike and play the piano.This is my family. It is not very large. I have a father, a mother, a brother, a sister, a grandmother and a grandfather.My father s name is Ivan. He is an engineer. He is 45 years old. My mothers name is Marina. She is a doctor. She is 41. I love my parents very much.My sisters name is Rita. She is a schoolgirl. She has good and very good marks at school. I help my sister. My brother name is Igor. He is 18 years old. He is a student. We are good friends.My grandmother and grandfather are my mother s parents. They are pensioners. They are very nice and kind. I like reading. I read every day and everywhere. I take my pocket book with me. My favourite book is Harry Potter. I can read it a thousand times. My brother doesnt not like reading. He likes playing computer games. My mother is always angry with him. he does not do his homework because of the computer.My friend likes shopping. She goes to the shopping center every weekend. Every time she buys a new skirt, or a blouse, or a dress. She even buys clothes for her parents. Last weekend she bought her mother a jacket, a pair of gloves and an umbrella.My sister is 20 years old and she works at the City Zoo. She sees a lot of animals. There is a big elephant and a crocodile, several monkeys and a lion. I want to see a snake and a giraffe there. We will go there on the weekend. I will see bears, penguins, horses, squirrels, foxes and rabbits. I will enjoy our family holiday.Long, long ago there lived a young and very beautiful girl called Cinderella.Cinderella lived with her stepmother and stepsisters. The sisters were wicked and haughty. They were jealous of Cinderellas beauty and treated her as a servant.Cinderella had no clothes to wear and no sparkling jewels. But Cinderella was very kind and cheerful and she went about her daily work with a gay smile.One day all the ladies of the kingdom were invited to a ball in honour of the King only son. The Prince intended to choose his bride from among those present at the ball.Cinderella had also received an invitation to the ball, but her sisters laughed and said she could not go because she had nothing to wear.After they had gone, Cinderella felt quite lonely. There was nobody in the whole world who cared for her.Suddenly sweet music filled the air and in the doorway appeared a fairy with a wand in her hand. I have come to grant your heart desire. Tonight you will go tothe grand ball. There is no time to lose, for the dancing has already begun.The fairy waved her wand, and soon there was a wonderful gown for Cinderella to wear. It was made of silvery brocade shimmering as moonlight.Then the fairy changed six mice into prancing white horses and a big grey rat into a stately coachman. The fairy waved her wand again and a coach appeared.But remember, you must leave before midnight because on the last stroke of the clock your clothes will turn into rags.The coachman cracked his whip and the horses pranced through the streets to the King palace.As the coach drove up to the big oak doors, Cinderella jumped out eagerly and ran up the wide marble staircase.Inside, the palace was more wonderful than anything she had ever dreamed. Everything was so bright and colourful.All the guests whispered among themselves.The Prince danced only with Cinderella all night. And so happy was she that she quite forgot the warning of the fairy. The loud chimes rang out.Suddenly Cinderella remembered everything. Panic-stricken, she ran out of the ballroom, not even waiting to say the Prince goodbye.She raced down the marble staircase dropping one of her tiny crystal slippers as she ran. And as the last chime sounded, her clothes changed back into rags.The Prince grieved bitterly at having lost the girl whom he now wanted to make his bride.He remembered the slipper which Cinderella had lost. Through all the land, for days and weeks and months, the Prince searched for its owner. And at last he found Cinderella, for she was the only one whom the tiny crystal slipper would fit.And in a few days the Prince and Cinderella celebrated a merry wedding.

===
would, will, see, may, know, have, do, can, be, sorry, ready, only, necessary, military, likely, happy, easy, early, woman, media, man, foot, fish, child, chairman, aircraft, user, use, usage, university, universe, unity, unit, union, uniform,die,difference,different,difficult,dinner,direction,director,discover,discuss,discussion,disease,do,doctor,dog,door,down,draw,dream,drive,drop,drug,during,each,early,east,easy,eat,economic,economy,edge,education,effect,effort
